Computer Science Club Constitution

Purpose: To promote computer skills and programming in a fun and enjoyable manner[, and to develop software that is useful to students in their academic endeavors].

Membership: The members may consist of any and all persons directly associated with the Franciscan University (i.e. Students and Faculty). To become a member, one must attend at least one official club meeting /* and sign a roster */. Nothing else is required.

Officers: The Officers shall consist of as follows —
	President — He shall be a current student of the Franciscan University. /* He shall be a member of the Association of Computing Machinery (ACM). */ He shall be voted to this position by the current attendees of any official club meeting where the current president or faculty advisor may call an election. His term shall be indefinite. His duties include but are not limited to calling and organizing meetings; deciding the progam, judging the entries, and determining the winner of the club programming contest(s); organizing and planning the LAN party (???); handling the purchase of club equipment(,) and petitioning FUSA for funds as the need arises; and promoting club recognition on campus.
	Vice President — He shall be voted to this position by the current attendees of any official club meeting where the current president or faculty advisor may call an election. He shall be a current student of the Franciscan University, and his term shall be indefinite. His duties include but are not limited to assisting the President in all of his duties especially in the absence of the President.
	Secretary/Treasurer — He shall be appointed by the President of the club. He shall be a current student of Franciscan University, and his term shall be indefinite. His duties include assisting the President and Vice President in all of their duties.

Funding: All funding shall come from a semesterly budget from FUSA and petitions for further funding when the need arises. This club is non-profit and shall not require any financial assistance from club members.

Club Constitution Ratification: The Constitution shall be adopted by first being drafted by the current club President and then by approval of the faculty advisor.
